Heading docs adjustments (#4622)
kiwicom/orbit: docs/src/documentation/03-components/09-text/heading/03-accessibility.mdx

  - /components/heading/accessibility/
---

> ## Accessibility

Reviewer: Ok, we need to get this consistent through all pages 😄

The Heading component has been designed with accessibility in mind.

The component offers flexibility in terms of the HTML element used for the root node, the `role` attribute, and the `level` attribute.
These properties allow for the creation of semantic and accessible headings.

| Name  | Type                                                    | Description                                                                                                                |
| :---- | :------------------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | as    | `"h1" \| "h2" \| "h3" \| "h4" \| "h5" \| "h6" \| "div"` | Defines the HTML element to be rendered as root node.                                                                      |

Reviewer: I feel having `as root node` is more confusing that nothing. A Heading is not supposed to be a nesting of things, so I think it's pretty straightforward that it refers to the main element node

Author: I guess it should be "Defines the HTML element to be rendered" also here then? https://orbit.kiwi/components/text/heading/react/#props

Reviewer: IMO, absolutely

| role  | `"heading"`                                             | Can only be used if `as="div"`. If defined, sets the role of the element to be "heading".                                  |

> | level | `number`                                                | Can only be used if `as="div"` and `role="heading"`. Defines the `aria-level` of the rendered `div` with the heading role. |

Reviewer: Actually, this should be

```suggestion
| level | `number`                                                | Must used if `as="div"` and `role="heading"`. Defines the `aria-level` of the rendered `div` with the heading role. |
```

All the props above are optional by default.

### Example 1

> If the `as` prop is not provided, the component will render a `div` element as a root node. You can optionally provide prop `as="div"` to make it explicit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `as` prop is not provided, the component will render a `div` element.
```

Per what I said above, and based on what is said below, I think this is more straight to the point. No need to be redundant and say that you can pass the default value as a value, as that is real with every prop in React 😄

> In this case, no `role` or `level` is defined by default, and the component will render just a `div` element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, no `role` or `level` are defined by default, and the component will render just a `div` element.
```

<div>Hello World!</div>
```

It is not semantically wrong but won't tell screen readers that the element is a heading. This should be used only for decorative purposes.

> Therefore, it's highly recommended to use the `role="heading` to indicate to assistive technologies that this element should be treated and formatted like a heading.

Reviewer: This is not necessarily true. Sometimes we don't want to recommend heading. The `Heading` component can be used as a decorative element. It is better to not use headings than using them with incorrect semantics.

I would refrain from giving the recommendation. We can specify what each prop does and the effects and consequences, but abstain from recommending

Author: Yes, but if it's not decorative purposes, then it is recommended, no? If it's not possible to use other `as` than `div` for some reason and it's not decorative heading, then they should use it, no?

Reviewer: Yes, yes. My only concern is with the term `highly recommended`. I would personally feel pressured to find a reason to use it, and eventually end up using it wrong 😄
